docs: update LIO-SAM and vector map documentation (#465)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/integrating-autoware/creating-maps/converting-utm-to-mgrs-map/index.md

example for our navsatfix message:

```diff
/**:
  ros__parameters:
      # Northing of local origin
-     Northing: 4520550.0
+     Northing: 4542871.33

      # Easting of local origin
-     Easting: 698891.0
+     Easting: 658659.84

      # Elipsoid Height of local origin
-     ElipsoidHeight: 47.62
+     ElipsoidHeight: 74.28
```

Lastly, we will update input and pointcloud the map path in `pc_utm_to_mgrs_converter.launch.xml`:

```diff
...
- <arg name="input_file_path" default="/home/melike/projects/autoware_data/gebze_pospac_map/pointcloud_map.pcd"/>
+ <arg name="input_file_path" default="<PATH-TO-YOUR-INPUT-PCD-MAP>"/>
- <arg name="output_file_path" default="/home/melike/projects/autoware_data/gebze_pospac_map/pointcloud_map_mgrs_orto.pcd"/>
+ <arg name="output_file_path" default="<PATH-TO-YOUR-OUTPUT-PCD-MAP>"/>
...
```

After the setting of the package, we will launch pc_utm_to_mgrs_converter:

```bash
ros2 launch pc_utm_to_mgrs_converter pc_utm_to_mgrs_converter.launch.xml
```

The conversion process will be started,
you should see `Saved <YOUR-MAP-POINTS-SIZE> data points saved to <YOUR-OUTPUT-MAP-PATH>` message on your terminal.

> So, MGRS format pointcloud map saved on your output map directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MGRS format pointcloud map should be saved on your output map directory.
```

Author: Done :+1:
